 Requirements:
 
 You must have PHP and MySQL installed on your web server in order for this 
 to work. For the instant rehash bot, you need to have php_sockets enabled
 so that the bot can connect to the network. For the perl script, you will
 need to have the Digest::MD5 perl module installed. You should have a cron
 program installed to use the cron that runs the perl script.
 
 Setup:
 
 You will need to extract the files. There will be many folders - the only
 one you need to upload to your web server is the "php" folder. You may
 rename the folder to whatever you want or move the files anywhere as long
 as you keep the hierarchy in place.
 
 Web:
 
 You will need to put "config.sql" into your MySQL server. You may enter this
 data in however you'd like, but make sure you have access to create tables.
 If you're not sure, ask your web host.
 
 IRCd:
 
 There are two ways to manage your IRCd - a crontab or a remote include.
 Each IRCd must be set up differently, so please read the directions for 
 the appropriate IRCd.
 
	The following IRCds must use the crontab:

	The following IRCds may use remote includes OR the cron:
		UnrealIRCd

 To actually configure the IRCd, please see the example documents in the
 "ircd" folder.

 Crontab:
 
 WINDOWS USERS:
 This hasn't been tested on Windows yet, so you're on your own. However, 
 should you want to attempt, you will need to install CRON for 
 Windows or use the Windows Task Schduler/at command to make this 
 work properly.
 
 For *nix/*BSD users, something like this should work:
 
 0,15,30,45 * * * * /home/username/Unreal3.2/config.pl >> /dev/null 2>&1
 
 The above cron should check for updates every 15 minutes. Adjust
 it to meet your needs.
 
 The Perl script that drives the system should be placed in the appropriate
 directory:
 
 Unreal32 - Place config.pl in the Unreal3.2 folder. Depending on how
 you installed your IRCd, you may not have this. In any case, place it in
 the same directory as the PID file.
 
 Remote Includes:
 
 You MUST make sure that your IRCd is set up properly for remote includes.
 See the documentation for your IRCd to figure out how!
 
 You won't need the cron or Perl script for this option. There is an example
 remote include in the example .conf file.
